(Narrator speaks...)
(Dogs barking)
(Opens locks)
(Vehicle approaching)
(Man) There he is.
- It's the man, right there.
- Let's go!
Have a little discussion with you,
my man?
Where you going, pencil neck?
You...
Yeah, it's me.
This thing must be stopped!
Let me have it.
Right here, boss.
(Sniffs)
It's not too late.
You can still come back.
Let me have him.
You fool, Segawa.
You think you could get away with it?
These inhuman experiments
must stop.
Oh, no!
- Teriyaki sauce!
- Yeah.
Turn him into sushi!
Your can is packed, tuna man!
Whoa!
What a waste of a good brain.
(Laughter)
(Roars)
(Man) Let's go!
That's three. Want to try for four?
lt was a lucky move.
- Hello.
- Hi.
So... you need a ride home tonight?
OK. lt's better than the bus.
(Clapping)
OK. Today l'm gonna demonstrate
a technique that's called irimi'.
This is an Aikido technique,
and it means "entering throw".
So for example if your opponent comes
at you with a kick and a punch,
just use your chi power.
"Chi" means the central energy
of people and of the universe.
Your chi must be in tune
with the chi of the universe.
May l help you?
l'm looking for Mizky Segawa.
That's me.
Dr Tetsu Segawa's daughter?
ls something wrong?
l think we should talk... privately.
Sure.
(Teacher) ...neutralise his attack
by entering diagonally,
take his centre and
redirect his power back at him.
l'm Max Reed, ClA.
Been investigating the Chronos
Corporation where your father worked.
- l've got some bad news for you.
- What?
'Your father and l had
a meeting tonight.
'He was delivering something
he'd gotten out of Chronos' lab.
'He said it was important...
and dangerous.
'He never made it.
They got to him first.
'l couldn't quite make out
what was going on.
'lt was violent.
'Weird.'
(Man) Teriyaki sauce!
Let's go!
(Reed) 'We couldn't get to him in time.'
Why the hell didn't you wait?
Jesus.
l'm sorry. Your father's dead.
(Teacher) OK, Ben, attack me.
Sean, how about stepping forward
and showing the class
your version of the move
l just demonstrated.
Come on, let's go.
Greg, you attack Sean.
Sean, you defend yourself
and use the irimi throw.
Hajime!
Rule number one: pay attention.
OK, everybody, let's try it.
You two, try it again.
Sean!
- Hey, butthead, l wasn't ready.
- You should've been.
Hey, hey! You guys,
break it up.
Break it up.
Hey, hey! Hold it!
You two want to get personal?
Take it outside.
- Get a wet towel for that.
- Yeah, OK.
l'm sorry.
Sean, you have to learn
to control your temper,
or nothing l'm teaching you here
is ever going to help you out there.
Now cool out for a while.
(Footsteps)
Ah...
You have it?
Good, because...
l wouldn't want...
...a hair on your...
...lovely head...
...hurt.
l recovered the Guyver myself.
Of course you did.
What is this?
Some sort of masochistic joke?
How did that get in there?
(Groans)
(Roars)
(Screaming)
I'll get it back. I'll get it back.
You idiot!
I'II have you sIap yourseIf
into obIivion if you don't find it.
It is the onIy one in existence.
- You must find it.
- I'II find it.
I'II get it.
(Police radio indistinct)
(Reporter) The decomposed body
of Dr Tetsu Segawa,
a genetic scientist
for the Chronos Corporation,
was found earlier tonight here
below the 7th Street Bridge.
We contacted Chronos Corporation
representatives,
but they would not comment
on why no reports were made...
He never harmed anybody
in his whole life.
My mother died when l was little,
and as a kid,
l worshipped my father.
Who would do this to him?
l intend to find out.
Who the hell did you bring
in here this time, Reed?
So you're still chasing
Ninja Turtles, huh?
Hey, l'm telling you, l saw them.
And l'm telling you,
you're going after the wrong people.
You're telling me
they got friends in high places.
l'm telling you
you got a bad attitude.
And this is no longer
department business.
Hey. l'm on my own time,
all right?
OK, Max.
You want to chase monsters?
Go right ahead.
Only thing l can offer you
is enough rope to hang yourself.
What's this?
Wow.
(Reed) Man...
You know, something terrible
must have gone wrong for him
to end up in a place like this.
lt took a lot of courage
for him to contact me.
l'm not gonna let him down.
Come on, I'll take you home.
You may be getting a visit
from the police tomorrow.
They'll be asking a lot of questions.
l'm just sorry l don't have
more information for you.
You've been very kind.
Yeah, well...
l'm not sure l like leaving you here.
lt could be dangerous.
Just what was my father
mixed up in?
You know, l'm not exactly sure.
lt was very strange.
He was trying to bring me a mechanical
device that Chronos had found.
Something he called "The Guyver"?
"The Guyver"? What's that?
Apparently, it was some
sort of space armour, l think.
l mean, l don't know,
but your father described it
as the most dangerous technology
since the atom bomb.
He was a research scientist.
How could he get involved
in something like that?
l don't think the inventors
of the atom bomb
knew what they were getting into either.
l do know that when your father knew
what was at stake,
he tried to get back into the lab,
steal it, and bring it to me.
(Knock on door)
Let me. You never know.
lt's OK. lt's my place.
OK, go ahead, but be careful.
Oh, l forgot.
Are you all right?
(Sniffs) Yes.
Sean, l'm sorry,
l forgot about the ride.
Uh... Look, l'm sorry,
l didn't realise that you had company.
No, it's not that.
No, no, it's OK.
l didn't mean to disturb you.
l just wanted to make sure
that you were OK.
l gotta go.
lt's a lousy place for a mirror.
Yo, checkout time.
Come on, my man, checkout time.
Get outta here.
- l thought checkout time was 1 1 :00.
- Hey!
Hey!
Yo, you've got to learn how to recycle.
Yeah? Recycle this.
♪	 Yo, mama,
why you wanna be so crude?
♪	 You must think of me
as one rude dude
♪	 But you the one
with the sugar and spice
♪	 So why don't you just act
real nice? ♪
Striker, get back to work.
But we don't even know
what that Guyver thing looks like.
You don't need to know.
Just bring me whatever you find!
(Engine fires)
Shit.
(lgnition fails)
Aw, great.
What's wrong, man?
The bike don't wanna start?
(Chuckles) Hey, man, watch out,
I'll help you with that.
Come on, man,
get away from my bike!
Whoa!
Cool, chili man, l'm just trying
to help you out. Come on, man.
l'm telling you, get away from it,
or l'm gonna have to really hurt you.
Ooh...
lt's Kung Fu Man.
Hey! Hey, guys, look.
Ain't no mats out here, homeboy.
You know this fool?
Yeah, we threw down before.
Look, l don't want to hurt anybody, OK?
- No, no. He's just trying to fix his bike.
- That's what l was telling him, man.
Well, l could do that.
Oops.
lt didn't start.
lt must be busted or something.
What do you think?
Hey, what do you think?
Get him!
Now, you got something to show, man?
Come on.
You got something, man?
- Show us what you got.
- Whoa!
Wait. Wait a minute.
He doesn't scare me.
l've seen him fight, then.
Hit him!
Yeah!
Come on, man! Come on!
Where are you going?
Hold up, man! Hold up, hold up!
That's what you get, man,
for messing with us.
Come on, man,
what's up with you?
Hey, you got the money?
Check it, l don't even see nothing
in there, man.
- Watch out, he's gonna get away.
- Stay down.
Hey.
Don't touch him, man.
Don't touch him.
He's sick or something.
What the hell is that, man?
That ain't right, man.
That ain't right.
Oh, no. Oh!
Wait, wait, wait.
Wow, hold on, man.
Wait, watch out.
He's gonna get him.
Kick his ass, man. Get in there.
Kick his ass. Get him.
- Get him.
- Go ahead, you.
- Come on, man.
- Come on.
You're dead, dude.
Got him.
Got him, man. Help!
l don't got him, man.
Get him, man. Get him.
Watch out!
Watch out, man,
l got something to cut you.
- Come on.
- Cut you.
Oh.
You asking for it now!
Oh, no.
l'm just playing you, man.
Yeah, that's it, l'm just playing.
(Guyver) Then let's play.
OK, Mr Robocop,
you're going down.
Ain't got no bullets.
l'm outta here, man.
(Guyver) No, you're going down.
Hey, man. Just be cool!
Come on!
- (Guyver) What the...?
- Be cool.
You guys come in peace, right?
- (Guyver) Oh, my God.
- We're friendly people, man.
What happened to me?
l can't get it off.
No!
Yo, boss,
we're getting nothing, man.
lt ain't here.
You know what l'm saying?
Junk.
Nothing but junk.
He must've pulled a switch.
Brilliant.
Do you realise what's at stake?
The most lethal weapon
ever conceived.
A one-of-a-kind prototype
lost for centuries,
and all you have for me is,
"He pulled a switch."
His daughter was
at the river channel.
- His daughter?
- Last night.
- Daughter?
- With two men. They might be...
Bring her to me!
And anyone else connected.
Perhaps she knows something.
lt's obvious you don't.
Go, get her.
Yes, sir!
Damn!
Oh, shit. Wow.
Come on, you didn't push hard enough.
We didn't even get near the head guy.
They're not a weapons manufacturer.
Segawa is a pinhead scientist.
- What is there to push?
- He discovered something.
He was trying to bring it to me
when they got to him.
They said he didn't steal anything
and nothing's missing.
We need more than a midnight shadow
to bother those kind of people.
Hey, we got a murder here!
Max, we got a corpse
that looks like it's a month old.
At least the pieces that are left.
l tell you one thing
that l know for sure...
Chronos was not involved.
Nice and neat, huh?
No fuss, no muss.
Look,
l think it's better that way.
For all of us.
Just one thing...
l mean, what the hell is a scientist
doing in the middle of the night
walking down a concrete riverbed
in his lab coat? Fishing?
Who knows? Some people will do
anything to land a fish.
Even tell a fish story.
Yeah, well it ain't fish l smell,
it's a rat.
Just cool it, Reed.
lt's out of our hands.
For all we know,
it could be some sick random killing
from last month's caseloads.
l mean, what are they looking for?
Where else are they gonna look?
Damn. You're right.
You just convinced me.
Where the hell are you going?
To get enough rope to hang myself.
l want him followed around the clock.
- Hi.
Come in.
Sean... l have something
to tell you about last night.
All right, look... no, that was my fault.
Last night, l mean.
l just thought maybe...
Mizky, is something wrong?
My father was killed last night.
Oh, my God. l... l'm sorry.
l had no idea.
l know.
lt's just that...
l don't know...
l feel numb, or... l could scream.
l feel so alone.
l'm glad you're here.
(Knocking at door)
Ms Jensen. l forgot.
(Sean) Perfect timing.
- Hi. Can l help?
- Oh, no, l got it.
l'd just like to put it down.
- Yeah, of course, come in.
- Thanks.
Hi, Sean.
l didn't realise l was interrupting
anything, barging in like this.
Oh, no, no.
Actually...
- l was just leaving.
- I'll just be a minute. Stay.
No, really. l'm out the door.
Well, you don't really need to go.
She'll just be a minute.
Er... OK, what if l go
get something to eat
and bring it back,
and we could just talk?
OK.
Hi.
Excuse me.
You know...
- This Guyver is...
- Shh!
This is the first quiet moment
we've had together.
You know, you're right?
There should be more
quiet moments together.
Yeah.
ln Brazil.
Really? Really?
- Why not?
- And then will you take me shopping?
- Sure, I'll take you shopping.
- Oh!
- She wasn't this heavy before.
- My face is killing me.
- Keep moving there.
- Jesus.
Mizky!
Oh, my God.
Mizky?
Well, now that l've captured
the young lady,
why don't you do me a favour and
run up to the apartment and get my hat?
You captured lady? lf wasn't for me,
you'd be on the floor, still going, "Aaah."
You get your own hat.
l'm not a male chauvinist.
l didn't want to knock the girl out again.
You couldn't knock her out?
l had to kill the other one myself.
- l'm not going to go get your hat.
- Look, l need the hat.
Man, it's like Kryptonite,
l cannot function...
Well, if you're Superman,
go and fly and get hat.
(Car screeches to halt)
Cut the chatter. Come on.
This could be trouble.
- What?
- Could be trouble.
Forget your trouble, man.
There's no trouble.
Just be quiet,
don't say nothing, man. Be quiet.
Gentlemen.
- Hey, what the hell's going on?
- They got Mizky.
- They killed Ms Jensen!
- All right, get going. Go on!
Get them up. Come on.
- No transformations! We can't be seen.
- Snap out of it.
- Let's go.
- Come on.
Come on.
l'm coming.
Get over the wall.
(Man) 17... quiet!
Ah, screw it.
l got him!
Striker!
Geronimo!
(Screams)
Chill, mama, shh!
Cut that! Be quiet! My bo...
The boss is right there. Shh!
Hey, chill, cool!
Bruisin', killin', cruisin'! Shh!
- Hey, yo...
- (Man) Cut!
Yo, where the hell am l?
Hey, that is not your cue!
You stepped on my scream.
- Huh?
- No! No, no, no, no.
You're not afraid of her,
she is afraid of you.
Come on.
Look, you were great.
You were wonderful, darling, really.
- No. Make-up, over here.
- ldiot.
Look, look, look, look, look, look.
- You're the big boogedy monster.
- Boogedy monster.
All we want you to do
is to jump over the wall,
land down here, go,
"l'm gonna get you, l'm gonna get you."
She can scream, she gets scared a lot.
And that's it. lt's that simple.
- You missed a spot.
- Get off me.
Come on. The suit looks great.
You look terrific,
but l need you to be more...
More terrifying. You're a monster.
l need you to play this with... with...
- What? What?
- With truth.
Can you do that?
- Right on.
- Yeah. We gotta go.
All right, back to one. We gotta
get to the car chase before lunch.
Come on. You can do it.
All right, everybody. Come on.
We're sitting on a powder keg.
We have got to go, right now.
Damn.
We can't go back.
Come on. Come on.
We got to find
another way out of here.
Damn!
Why are they chasing us?
They want the Guyver.
- The what?
- The Guyver.
They killed my father
and then Ms Jensen for it.
And they think that l have it.
But l...
l think he was trying to give it to me
at the river channel.
No screw-ups this time.
Once we're inside,
we can all have some fun.
But l want that girl... unharmed.
What is a Guyver?
From what he told me, it's some sort
of defence shield or space armour.
Something that could be dangerous
if Chronos figured out how to activate it.
ls that monster chasing us
a Guyver?
l don't know what the hell that is,
and l'm not sure l want to find out.
(Clattering)
Oh, my God, they're coming!
Come on, get outta sight. Move it!
(Banging)
- Striker! Ramsey!
- Yes, boss.
Find the girl.
- You, search downstairs.
- You got it.
Come on, let's go shopping.
You said Brazil.
Come on.
Olly, Olly, Oksolivich!
♪	 Come out, come out,
wherever you are
♪	 MC Striker's looking
for you near and afar
♪	 You'll never, never
have to hide anymore
♪	 Cos you can come
to Uncle MC Striker's store
♪	 We're here, we're there,
we're everywhere
♪	 Come with us,
you have no fear ♪
Not here.
(Sniffs)
Girl.
They're up there, l can smell it.
What?
l don't see nothing up here.
(Ramsey) l'm telling you, they're up there.
Yo, come to Papa.
ldiot.
Get him.
- Get going!
- Look out!
Come on!
Ooh!
Sean!
- Gotcha!
- No!
Mizky!
You're mine, sucker!
Uh-oh!
Striker.
Striker!
Are you all right?
No problem, bro.
l'm fine. Whoa...
Oh, Striker, come on, it's OK.
Bring her down here.
Go, go.
Let's hope we're not too late.
- Which way did they go?
- That way. Come on.
Oh good.
Look, the whole team's here now.
Sorry we're late.
- Sean!
- Shut up!
Let her go!
(Laughter)
Shut up!
- ls that a request?
- l know what you want.
Shut up.
The Guyver?
You have the Guyver?
Yeah, the Guyver,
that's what you want, right?
Yeah.
Where is the Guyver?
(Striker) What the hell's he doing?
Watch out,
I'll take care of this thing.
Come on.
Look out! Sean! Oh!
Dissed, you homie.
Don't hurt him!
He doesn't know a thing.
Shut up!
Leave her alone!
l do know!
l am the Guyver!
The Guyver?
l said, "Let her go!"
Yo, I'll deal with this.
♪	 l've been looking high,
l've been looking low
♪	 For the Guyvin'
jivin' thing to show
♪	 And now this punk's
become a hunk
♪	 When all along
he's had the soul
♪	 Well, let me
just tell you one thing
♪	 l'm gonna boot that thing
with the Guyver name
♪	 l'm going to make you crawl
and gonna make you sing
♪	 Cos l want that Guyvin' jivin' thing
♪ Boyee ♪
Then come and get me.
Holy shit!
Your move.
Take him.
Hey. Damn.
I'll kill you.
Heh, heh...
Hey, watch it.
Yo, man, catch.
Sorry.
Striker! You idiot!
Yo, man, l'm just doing myjob.
Aw, shit.
Take her.
Kick his ass, boss. You don't
have to take that crap from him.
Hurt him bad!
Ahh...
So, that's it,
you do have a weakness.
- A-ha!
- lt's the ball.
He's dead meat.
Come on, save a piece for me!
Come on, tin man!
Oh, my God. What have l done?
Yo, he done killed the wrong chick.
(Guyver) No.
Take him.
No. Mizky. No!
No! No...!
Mizky! Mizky!
(Lisker) Pick him up. Pick him up!
Killed my woman, boy!
Mizky. What have l done?
- Where's Sean?
- Shh.
(Heartbeat quickens,
breathing intensifies)
No!
No, Sean!
Shit!
That's the Guyver?
Ha! Nothing to it.
Ha-ha! Ha-ha!
- Come here, my man.
- Max!
(Screams)
There, there, my dear.
lt's all right.
l'm your friend.
- Who are you?
- Fulton Balcus.
l'm Chairman of the Board
of the Chronos Corporation.
l knew your father very well.
- What?
- Brilliant scientist.
You have my deepest sympathy,
my dear.
Oh, my God.
What about Sean? And Max?
l've gotta...
l've gotta call the police.
Oh, yes, yes, yes.
Most regrettable,
but it's all been taken care of.
That is not the important thing.
The important thing is,
your friend found a most valuable item.
l must find out
how he managed to activate it.
- What?
- The Guyver unit.
Come with me.
l want to show you a few things.
Here we are.
The growth corridor.
What are they?
These are Zoanoids,
genetically altered human beings.
Huh? You see, my dear,
a long time ago,
when the planet was barren...
...the aliens descended upon the Earth
and created Man.
- The aliens?
- That's right.
Man was created
as the ultimate organic weapon.
And these are the next step
in the evolutionary process.
Warriors developed by the aliens
from the human species.
ln times past, they were known
as werewolves, minotaurs, vampires.
Can you imagine these lovely creatures
in the White House?
ln every seat of power,
in every country around the world?
Then what's the Guyver?
The Guyver is an organic mechanism
created by the aliens.
lt becomes a protective suit of armour.
Only one Guyver has been found,
but not one clue on how to activate
that magnificent mechanism.
l need your help.
You saw it work.
Tell me, how did your friend activate it?
No. l don't know!
l have no idea what he did!
Grotesque little creatures, aren't they?
You could easily become one of them.
A rare specimen, indeed.
With beauty like yours...
...the results might not be so hideous.
But l make no promises.
Take a look around.
This could be your new home.
Let me go!
l don't know anything!
Well, l see you found
our inner sanctum, hmm?
Come.
Let me show you around.
Hmm.
(Man) No! This is just...
Ah... Dr East.
(Creature) Let me out!
- Stop, get away from me!
- Ow!
There!
Sir...
Mr Balcus, this is...
This is genetics.
You know, not all mutations
are created equal.
Oh. New recruit?
- Dr East, Dr Segawa's daughter Mizky.
- Oh...
Pleasure to meet you.
Your father was...
...a tragic loss.
Dr East is the head
of our genetics research.
He worked with your father
very closely on the Guyver.
ln fact, he's in charge
of the current efforts right now...
the control metal.
- Er... l'm sorry, what?
- Any progress?
The control...? Yes.
Yes, let me show you.
A most interesting sphere.
lt's an elegant
and inspired mechanism.
lt's a real challenge to us all.
Here it is.
Sean.
Gordon has been following
a most interesting development.
A most interesting development,
indeed.
The crystalline structure
of the control metal
seems to be acting like
a DNA model for the flesh.
lt's like a molecular union,
but with organic
and inorganic compounds.
ln other words,
we think it's alive, the whole thing.
And we think it's growing.
Growing?
Growing what?
Well, it could be cloning itself...
into a new Guyver unit!
New Guyver unit.
How fortunate.
Well... maybe we don't need
your help after all.
Except l hate to be rejected
by a pretty face.
lt would be a lot easier
if you simply told me.
Perhaps Dr East should
start the process.
What process?
Yes... Join your friend.
Oh, Max!
Looks comfortable, doesn't he?
Stop it! Let him out of there!
Oh, no.
He wouldn't want to, not now.
He enjoys it, believe me.
lt's like being drugged.
What are you doing to him?
- Dr East, get ready for her.
- Yes, sir.
- Prepare the...
- (Mizky) No! No!
OK, l will tell you.
I'll tell you everything.
Good. How does it work?
lt was...
it was like... like this.
(Groans)
Hey!
- (East) What's she doing?
- (Gordon) What's she doing?
Don't let her get away! Get her!
(East) Let's do it. Let's do it.
(East) No, not that! Surround her!
Hey!
There's no place to run.
We're 300 feet down.
Don't be foolish.
Stand back, or I'll destroy it!
Stop!
- Don't let her do it.
- No, don't.
Put it down.
There's no need to get excited.
Stay back!
- No one here wants to hurt you.
- No.
l want Max out of that thing.
All right, my dear,
that can be arranged.
l'm more than willing to cooperate.
Come on, screw this.
l can get it.
Ah!
Just get it! Get it!
(Striker) Ah, he swallowed
the control metal.
l was just doing myjob.
Spit it out of there.
Spit it out!
- Spit it out!
- l can't.
l can't get it out.
Well, then, cut him open!
Get it out! Get it out!
lt's growing. lt's growing!
Sean, you're alive!
l came back for you.
l killed you once,
and I'll kill you again.
You can't kill me.
l've been rejected by death.
Ha-ha! Striker!
Sean, come on,
we have to get Max out of there.
Stand back!
Get him!
Stay back.
- You must get him.
- No, you get him.
No, you go get him.
- Get back.
- No, you get him.
Jeez, l thought you were dead.
Never mind.
Just find a way out of here.
I'll take care of this.
- Be careful, Sean.
- You too.
Get away! Come here.
Oh, my God.
Let him go, you big ugly creep!
(Ramsey) You're mine.
Get away!
lt's going to be over
in a minute, ha-ha!
Come over here!
I'll kill you now! Come over here.
You!
(Alarm blares)
(Guyver) Get going!
I'll tear you apart.
(Screams)
Come on, hurry up.
- (Reed) This way.
- (Mizky screams)
(Reed) Guess not.
(Snarling)
Max.
Nice work.
l'm just doing myjob.
You had your chance.
Now it's mine.
Bonehead!
Are you OK?
Will you save it for later?
We still got to find a way out of here.
Yeah, l know the way.
Come on.
What's wrong?
My God.
Max?
(Screams)
Oh, no!
Max.
- (Reed) Sean, you've got to help.
- But what can l do?
lt's too late for me,
but you've got to stop them.
You're... our last chance.
Don't let them get away with...
Max.
l won't let you down, Max.
Pitiful little creature.
He wasn't in the soup long enough.
You.
- (Balcus) He would've died anyway.
- Sean!
He's the one! He's the one
who murdered my father!
Let her go!
What a splendid creation.
You're even more gifted,
more powerful,
than l ever dreamed possible.
These grotesque mutants
are mere child's play
compared to the Guyver.
l must have it.
Never.
l would hate to see something...
unseemly happen
to such a pretty little thing.
Let her go. l'm warning you.
Please, please, no threats.
l'm a civilised man.
A simple little transaction,
a simple trade,
that's all that's needed.
What do you mean?
l give you the girl,
you give me the Guyver unit.
lt is no longer mine to give.
l am the Guyver.
Well, then...
l guess you lose.
No, you're the one who loses.
l intend to stop your insane experiments
on innocent people.
Well, then do it.
Come and get me!
Mizky.
Sean.
(Maniacal laughter)
Do not rejoice prematurely,
my friends.
You have yet to see
the true form of the Zoalord.
And as the Guyver Zoalord,
my powers will be magnified
beyond belief.
Holy shit!
Mizky, get outta here.
(Roars)
(Balcus) Now the Guyver is mine!
What's this?
The suit... it protected me.
Sean.
- Are you all right?
- Yes.
Sean...
Don't be afraid, it's just me.
l know it's you, Sean. l know.
Wait.
Well... it's all over.
Come on.
Let's go home.
Mm, mm, mm.
No smoking!
l got a job for you.
Ah...
Dy-no-mite!